we've got our first victim so clink I'll
come over here I'll show you our setup
times almost up so we'd better get this
done fast but uh this is our setup as
you can see it's just a button at the
top but Bulow's where everything
happened and I'll show you that in a
second we're gonna move so now we've got
a zombie this wall just over there he
hasn't noticed me yet so here's the
setup again it's just the one button
like before but it's really down there
and up there which is what the count so
um let's get this guy's attention in
mind
yeah so the plan is basically we've got
our button there so it's like the first
one except instead of the explosion what
we've got is yes I never gets old though
it's a bit too far into the morning now
so the zombies are burning but that
doesn't mean I don't have one more
surprise left of them
what's going
so much watching this video this is
actually a reload of an old video we had
in our old channel but we put a lot of
time and effort into it so we decided to
remaster the audio and the effects so
that we could upload it on this channel
so here it is we'll have some more
original videos coming out later anyway
remember to check out our Facebook and
Twitter second channel all that yeah
thanks for watching